    # RPSBot
    #### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/gFNCNG3cQ7M>
    #### Description:
    This bot plays a best-of-three game of rock, paper, scissors when the $startgame command is used.

    When the bot is logged in, it scans each message until it reads one that starts with the $startgame command. This triggers it to prompt the user to choose a sign, (Rock, Paper or Scissors) The number of wins needed to win as well as the scores of the bot and the player are initialised. the default format is best-of-three.

    This project was built with the discordpy API wrapper and the te random module. The implementation of th wrapper is not perfect, but achieves a passable result, waiting for the user to respond to the bot's prompts before taking in the message, computing a response effectively and replying.

    When the user responds to the bot, it checks if the response is either rock, paper or scissors (case insensitively) and then generates a random choice for the bot. the detect_win function is used to see wheter the player has won or lost the matchup. If the user replies something other than the three words, an error message will be printed. For this reason it is best to run this in a separate channel.

    The detect_win function reads in the two signs, the player's and the bots. It then compares the two and decides whether or not the player won the round or not. This determines whether the bot or the player gains a point. Originally this was computed using if-else statements, but it was changed to match case statements to be easier to read. In the main function, if the player won, the player's score is incremented, if the bot won, it's score is incremented. if the user's choice and the bot's choice are the same, a tie has been reached. A tie means no one gains any points.

    the bot then sends a chat message with the two choices (in emojis) from the bot and the player, and whether or not the player won. The emojis are printed using the to_emoji function

    the to_emoji function simply converts the words Rock Paper or Scissors into cute emojis to show the user. This was originally going to use photos, but emojis ended up being easier to implement.

    Each round, the scores are checked to see if they've reached three. if so, the player with the most points determines the win/loss state. The print_end function is triggered, ending the game.

    The print_end function takes in the win loss state of the game and returs a final message to display to the user. This was originally going to use the art module to print it in a large ascii font, but discord removes extra whitespace betweeen characters so the font didn't display properly.

    at the very bottom of the main funciton is the client.run statement. This has the bot key generated by the user. This is different for every user so it is left blank.

    It was debated whether or not to run this program as a bot, or keep it in the terminal of the user. It was decided to use discordpy to try and turn the script into a bot. This proved to be a challenge, but i think it was executed well considering the time frame it was completed in.

    If i were to improve the bot in any ways, i would create a time limit or an exit command that exits the game when called, or exits automatically after a certain amount of time.
